[admin] (Term change) Change "host" to "application" in the context of an Office client hosting an add-in. (#2062)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/reference/objectmodel/preview-requirement-set/office.context.md

Gets an object that represents the custom settings or state of a mail add-in saved to a user's mailbox.

> The `RoamingSettings` object lets you store and access data for a mail add-in that is stored in a user's mailbox, so that is available to that add-in when it is running from any Office client application used to access that mailbox.

Reviewer: Here and other instances
```suggestion
The `RoamingSettings` object lets you store and access data for a mail add-in that is stored in a user's mailbox, so that is available to that add-in when it is running from any Outlook client used to access that mailbox.
```
